TODO{
	Make entire game more crisp and cute.
}

Story: Game starts with a dream (tutorial), then you see the 3 boss faces and say "Gotta kill those bastards..." then you wake up. Kill the evil creatures to calm your land.
After that you go to sleep and face the creator(simons face). "You have defeated your worst nightmare and can now finally rest at ease".

Weapon locations:
Sword: Start
Knife: Hard jump in home
Spear: Up in tree
Axe: Behind wheat
Katana: In grave
Rapier: Duck (pray) in front of angel statue. Hint exist in church.
Scythe: In ghost house
Boomhammer:	Hidden tunnel in the dungeon


ENEMIES

Forest: Goblins(Club, Rocks), Crows, Troll, Wolves
Abandoned house: Ghosts, Big spiders
Mountain: Hollows(Sword, Crossbow), Golem
Thunder mage (Boss)

Church: Priest (mini boss)
Dungeon: Giant worms (Attack from underneath), Traps, Platforming
Lava dungeon: Lava frogs (that jumps), Big lava snake(mini boss)
blazeMan guy (Boss)

Graveyard: Skeleton, Zombies
Ruins: Wind fighters(Shotel (attack high then low, teleport behind you), Ranger(Boomerang, Grenade))
Desert: Wind leader(if you walk close to pyramid he teleport in front of you, throw wavy boomerang (~~~~) that goes back and forth, do 3 attacks forward)
Pyramid: Stone face (Boss)


BOSS MOVES:
Thunder mage{
	Fly for a time then get exhausted
	Spinning bolts
	Summon lightning strikes
}
Priest{
	Teleport,
	Creates light walls that you cant pass through until Priest is dead,
	Create lights at random locations that shoot toward player,
	Shoot out bouncing spell that bounce around in room
}
Blazing man{
	Deals dmg on touch and walk almost all time,
	Spin jump and spawn 3 fireballs that shoots after long random delay
	Run toward you fast then jump into lava,
	Flame sword close then far away,
	If he lands in lava he splash drops all over the stage and appear on the other side of stage,
}
Stone face{
	Smash ground to send earth wave,
	Stones fall from ceiling all time,
	Smash froward (gotta duck that one)
}
The creator{
	Spawn 3 orbs that spawn from eyes and mouth. Each have a different attack and must be destroyed.
	Orb 1: 3 projectiles that spin in circle outward
	Orb 2: Projectiles from above and underneath
	Orb 3: Projectile that shoot toward you then stop on repeat
}

BOSS QUOTES:
Thunder mage: Jelous of my age? You should be... Even if you kill me now... You will suffer knowing a bastard like me has lived a good life for 102 years! AHAHAHAHA
blazeMan guy: Oh ohhhh... Nerd alert... (Player: HOW DARE YOU!?)
Stone face: Free you mind from violence. And let me beat you up.